                              Teamwork Report
Me: Parneet Kaur Ahuja -> 5
Diti Bhatnagar -> 5
Nishtha Sinha -> 5

2, 3, 4.
Me : I contributed towards the understanding of state transition diagram of RCU as how the parameters would change in different states. 
Also, Diti and Nishtha had one less state as they were merging the sbc enable and framing error into one but as the TA explained to me 
that they should be different because of time delay, I explained it to them. Also, diti was getting error while simulating the code as 
she had sent 0 as clear to flex counters but I figured out the mistake and suggested her to use packet_done instead. Also I helped her 
to figure out the mistake as half of her cases were not working. She had used n_reset instead of n_rst. Moreover, I helped nishtha in 
debuging her code as she was getting a latch as she forgot to include the default case in rcu code.

Diti: This team member made a sincere effort to contribute to the team and I was able to learn and understand some parts much better.
She helped us in getting the RTL diagram of RCU correct and also explained us the parts which were not clear to me. She also explained how to 
use typedef enum method to define states as I was not sure of it. Also, while simulating I was getting errors as I forgot to make changes in
makefile, she figured it out and after that everything was working fine. Also, I was getting error as I forgot to include count_out port connected
for flex counter, she helped to figure it out.

Nishtha: This team member made a sincere effort to contribute to the team. She worked with us on the RTL diagram and state transition diagram for RCU.
She explained the role of shift_strobe as it acts as an enable for the second flex counter. Moreover, I was using default parameter to change the NUM_BITS
and the SHIFT_MSB for flex_stp_sr but she taught that I can directly change in the file as this file is not used in any other place and do not need to use
default parameter.

3. We met on Thursday for the initial preparation, understanding the code and making the RTL and state transition diagrams. Then we met on Sunday as we
had some issues with the code and could not understand by ourself. We used to text each other and fix the meeting times.

